    link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/Sawyersjon/pen/GRWRZZP?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
     It tells you exactly what the line of html is being used for.
    2. What is HTML used for?
     It gives the website structure and lets the user know exactly what the website is there for.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     An attribute tells you more about what the element is doing.  You put it in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     For the title of the page. You should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
      An anchor tag and image tag 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
      The title of the document. 
    7. What is an id?
     An attribute assigned to a unique element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
     All.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     Once. 
    10. What is a class?
     Allows you to change more than one section with using only one name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
     All.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
     Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     target=_blank to opening tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
     Adds text for the computer to read for visually impaired people. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
     #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
     A section has meaning and everything in a section element is grouped together.  A div is just a storage container and can have anything inside of it.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
     Styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
     h2{

     }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
     A class can be used multiple times in a document, an id is an element that will only be used once and styled by itself.  I would use a class on something that may change multiple times.  I would use an id on something like a title of the webpage. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className{

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     It refers to a element within an element.  I would use this to have more specificity in my css file. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
     .sidebar link{

     }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     Used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitals,lowerCase, upperCase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     border=1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
     *{

     }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
     pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
     ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
     rm fileName
    34. Why should I use version control? 
     It can help with debugging.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
     Every 20mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push -u origin firstName-lastName 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Step 1: Fork the repo
        Step 2: Clone the repo
        Step 3: paste the cloned repo into git bash in the correct directory.
        Step 4: cd into the clone file
        Step 5: branch
        Step 6: git add .
        Step 7: git commit -m "what you changed"
        Step 8: git push -u origin Branch-Name
        Step 9: create and submit a pull request once you're done with the project
 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 