link to finished codepen:https://codepen.io/Sawyersjon/pen/qBRXyqW?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It clearly defines what kind of structure it is.  (i.e. form, table, img)

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It gives the website structure.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute gives you more information on the element.  You put it in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The main heading, and only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The tags a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The title of the document

    7. What is an id? 
        It's an attribute assigned to a unique element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any elements
   
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once

    10. What is a class? 
        specifies one or more classnames for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any elements
   
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add target=_blank to the opening tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Adds text to our image if it can't be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling the website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class can be used more than once unlike id.  I would use class if I was wanting to change multiple areas of the structure and I would use id if i wanted to only change one area.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It refers to a tag within a tag.  When you have to select multiple elements within another element.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar:links{ 

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        used to define a speial state of an element.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitals, lowercase uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style= 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm Filename

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Keeps everything organized

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 mins

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u firstname-lastname
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Step 1: Fork the repo
        Step 2: Clone the repo
        Step 3: paste the cloned repo into git bash in the correct directory.
        Step 4: cd into the clone file
        Step 5: branch
        Step 6: git add .
        Step 7: git commit -m "what you changed"
        Step 8: git push -u origin Branch-Name
        Step 9: create and submit a pull request once you're done with the project
 